Now that you have a HEEEELLLLPPPPPPPPPPPPP!!!!!! place to add and share your space station files, you need a way to get to it from your local system. To set that up, you want to copy the Bitbucket repository to your system. Git refers to copying a repository as "cloning" it. When you clone a repository, you create a connection between the Bitbucket server (which Git knows as origin) and your local system.

Central Repo to Local Repo
Do the following to create your repository:
Origin to Local
You are about to use a whole bunch of Git and non-Git commands from a terminal. If you've never used the command line before, learn where to find it at The Command Line Crash Course.

From Bitbucket, click the + icon in the global sidebar and select Repository.

Create Repo Menu
Step 1. Clone your repository to your local system
Open a browser and a terminal window from your desktop. After opening the terminal window, do the following:

Navigate to your home (~) directory.

$ cd ~
As you use Bitbucket more, you will probably work in multiple repositories. For that reason, it's a good idea to create a directory to contain all those repositories.
Create a directory to contain your repositories.

$ mkdir repos
From the terminal, update the directory you want to work in to your new repos directory.

$ cd ~/repos
From Bitbucket, go to your BitbucketStationLocations repository.
Click the + icon in the global sidebar and select Clone this repository.

Bitbucket displays a pop-up clone dialog. By default, the clone dialog sets the protocol to HTTPS or SSH, depending on your settings. For the purposes of this tutorial, don't change your default protocol.

 

Clone dialog
 
Copy the highlighted clone command.
From your terminal window, paste the command you copied from Bitbucket and press Return.
Enter your Bitbucket password when the terminal asks for it. If you created an account by linking to Google, use your password for that account.

If you experience a Windows password error:

In some versions of Microsoft Windows operating system and Git you might see an error similar to the one in the following example.

Windows clone password error example
 $ git clone

 https://emmap1@bitbucket.org/emmap1/bitbucketstationlocations.git 

 Cloning into 'bitbucketspacestation'...

 fatal: could not read

 Password for 'https://emmap1@bitbucket.org': No such file or directory
If you get this error, enter the following at the command line:

 $ git config --global core.askpass
Then go back to step 4 and repeat the clone process. The bash agent should now prompt you for your password. You should only have to do this once.
At this point, your terminal window should look similar to this:

 
$ cd ~/repos

Bitbucket displays the Create a new repository page. Take some time to review the dialog's contents. With the exception of the Repository type, everything you enter on this page you can later change.
$ git clone https://emmap1@bitbucket.org/emmap1/bitbucketstationlocations.git
Cloning into 'bitbucketstationlocations'...
Password
warning: You appear to have cloned an empty repository.
You already knew that your repository was empty right? Remember that you have added no source files to it yet.
List the contents of your repos directory and you should see your bitbucketstationlocations directory in it.

Create the repository
Enter BitbucketStationLocations for the Name field. Bitbucket uses this Name in the URL of the repository. For example, if the user the_best has a repository called awesome_repo, the URL for that repository would be https://bitbucket.org/the_best/awesome_repo.
For Access level, leave the This is a private repository box checked. A private repository is only visible to you and those you give access to. If this box is unchecked, everyone can see your repository.
Pick Git for the Repository type. Keep in mind that you can't change the repository type after you click Create repository.
Click Create repository. Bitbucket creates your repository and displays its Overview page.